hello and welcome to my channel
one day
let's go body bag week has begun now
first body bag of the week is against my
boy drillings - uh he wanted to test out
this third gen team here and I was like
okay your team's fucking trash but he
insisted insisted insisted on using that
team against me so I was like sure why
not he can be body bag number one and he
was like dot and I was like what I'm
just being serious so I'm gonna leave
with my big lemon because I want to get
them big cocks up I mean whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa Oh low Viagra just kidding
anyways he's in one with a draughty as
well actually and I want her to stop
talks but he paralyzed me so fuck now
we're gonna switch out go to his knee on
whatever the fuck that is and it happens
to be a Milotic and I go straight for
the body slam predicting him to switch
out because I didn't think his daughter
would be able to do anything to me after
paralyzing me so he does switch out to
his knee on unfortunately for me he gets
the fucking marble scale boost now I was
gonna predict my switch and go for the
toxic not a problem I'm just gonna stay
and get my rocks and then switch out
indeed but I keep getting fucking
paralyzed what the fuck
sorry sorry my foot is still in pain I
shouldn't be screaming like that but I
don't even dam so um yeah I'm just
trying to get my sister fucking stuff
door except before I switch out if the
game would cooperate with me and let me
set up my rocks I could switch out and
everything could be nice and Danny so I
just set up my rocks now so xyxy
and now I'm just gonna stay and go for
another body slim because you know I get
to paralyze to jirachi if you want to
switch up I mean if he doesn't want to
switch up but he does decide to switch
out he goes right back out to his
Milotic again not a problem because I do
have a toxic rogue and that thing is
paralyzed word meaning that I can set up
on that thing all day and night and yeah
Kid Cudi all day in his bitch so um I
don't know if you guys can tell my voice
kind of sounds different because the
meta gave me made my throat kind of sore
but yeah anyways I'm going to switch out
now probably go to my Toxicroak because
Toxicroak can set up on this thing but I
guess I lied to you guys so I went up to
swag swag swag good swaggy and swag this
has way too much swag I can take the sir
and then I can take the predicted oh I
know I went up to my poly so first I
wanted to my poly to first to get up to
dry know to get up the drought I mean no
fun I can't even think now I went out to
my poly to the first to get up the rain
which means that my Vaseline will get
more HP back from dry skin so he's gonna
switch out to a Pokemon names got um got
up and I'm just gonna go up to month
especially defensive Jirachi named lemon
that sour the more heads yes so uh I
know I can take any hit from that main
net trick so I'm going to go for the
body slam now and he's gonna go for
another thunder but yeah to my dismay I
get a fucking axe and yeah I'm just
gonna stay in with my jockey die pretty
much and then uh yeah I'm gonna let my
jockey died bringing my choice banded
Tyranitar and I was gonna be the OAS so
um yeah it's ironic that cuz my
electrics name is got him because he's
gonna switch out and I'm gonna get him
with a pursuit yes yes indeed got him
got him
so yeah that is one dead main swag
scores five five now he's gonna bring in
his own Jirachi and I clearly can't stay
in because I enjoyed random person won't
do anything to him unless he's switching
out I'm gonna go out to my swag and he
is gonna go for the iron head obviously
he's not gonna do anything to my hard
body politoed has way too much swag I
got the swagger of a fucking diamond
diamond hard body baby so he is gonna go
up to his a melodic here and I am
actually going to predict that switch
out and go to my Vaseline what you know
about it obviously he was gonna go into
with my loving because my polytope can't
do anything to his melodic so I
predicted that when that's my best to
lean he gets the paratext first turn as
I go for the substitute and I said I'm
gonna rub that Vaseline all over my body
and get some HP back from it because my
skin is nice and moisturized now so I'm
gonna go for stores dances actually
supposed to be my uh okay I can't even
speak English right now holy shit this
is actually supposed to be my book upset
but I guess I forgot to put bulk up
I changed the Eevee's around as you can
see from the HP but I didn't put my bulk
up on there instead of Swords Dance but
in this situation it actually worked out
better because now that the melodic has
a attacking it doesn't have a tacky move
that special attacking moves so in this
case I can get it my spread my attack
that much more quickly and I can proceed
to the mall Snickers ha ha yes so I'm
gonna go for another substitute I'm just
gonna keep it on for substitue until he
gets paralyzed
we are gonna beautiful Joe fast forward
here so we can see what's happening even
more quickly I'm gonna keep going for
substitute and waiting for him to get a
parallax he hasn't got one yet but as
soon as he gets one that is his ass
I still as he gets what I'm gonna go
friend of the swords dance and I'm gonna
proceed to the moss his entire team yeah
so he's gonna switch out go to azumarill
I'm gonna go for another substitute I'm
faster than his nose in world and he
doesn't have any priority move that will
hit me so he just lost it while he was
dating with his Milotic at the very
least I don't know why he's so stout to
be honest but I am asking any questions
because the score is now five four right
bad I was gonna go out to this Jirachi
he does not speed me doesn't really
matter because I'm gonna go for the
drain punch and he's gonna die actually
I'm not sure if he dies yet does he live
this oh he lives but he makes the bad
move anyone for a thunder wave but he
went for the iron head again I suppose
so well he probably thought I was gonna
go for the substitute so that's probably
why you went for the iron head again but
yeah his doctor just got put in the body
bag a longer this deoxys a switch to the
dome patch and now he's dead now he died
and he has a sceptile what the hell is a
sceptile to a toxic rope nothing nothing
new ways Gary ain't mad then now you're
dead now you be a dbag that's so funny
that is way too fun wait so his
sceptile's dead scores 5 - now is it 5-1
I believe it's 5-1 either way I'm gonna
go for the substitute just because I can
you know what I'm saying
and uh gonna keep going for substitute
until I am behind the substitute safely
and I can get off to clean hits which
will finish off his Milotic get it
but now a beautiful job fast-forward
again and he gets the first pair of hats
and I'm gonna go for a drain Flint's
just to see how much it does working for
sores in tears I go for stories s
because he does have the Marvel skill
and I think he is max defense so it's in
my best interest to get as much attack
as I possibly can so for that reason I
get up to +6 and I'm gonna proceed to
kill him with to drain punches to go dog
but and one more drain punch to the dumb
will kill him so that was a great game
Joey psych body bag more body bags to
come guys
yeah so this is the first of many body
bags and check out the rest later this
week and also check out this video